How Cred Works.md (#124)
sourcecred/docs: docs/guides/flowing-cred.md

Edges are directional, indicating the flow of Cred. For instance, when you created your Discourse post node, you get an "inbound" edge from that post, flowing Cred to you. If you referenced another contributor in your post, it would create an “outbound” edge from that post to the referenced contributor, that would flow Cred to them. This makes up the Contribution Graph.

SourceCred converts this graph into a numerical score via a modified [PageRank algorithm](http://ilpubs.stanford.edu:8090/422/1/1999-66.pdf). Every node receives Cred from every node that connects to it. The amount of Cred a node receives is the same as the amount that it sends to other nodes. This means that being connected to a high-Cred node is much more valuable than being connected to a low-Cred node, especially if that high-Cred node isn't connected to many other nodes. In other words, Cred accumulates at important nodes. 

For example, a major contributor is connected to each of their many contributions, and so has a lot of Cred. A spam post, however, may be connected to almost no other nodes, so it will have very little Cred.

----------
## 💧How Cred Flows

> You can visualize Cred flowing through the graph as water flowing through an ecosystem of ponds and creeks. Cred does not accumulate in one place, but rather flows through each pond, constantly moving. It flows between contributor ponds (Cred Flowing), falls as rain (Cred minting) and evaporates from everyone's ponds over time (Cred evaporation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can visualize Cred flowing through the graph as water flowing through a series of creeks and ponds. Each node in the graph is a pond. Edges are creeks connecting the ponds. The amount of water in each pond is equal to its corresponding node’s Cred score; more important nodes hold more water than less important ones. The amount of water flowing between ponds is proportional to the strength of connection between the ponds (i.e. weight of edges). 
```

### 🏄🏾 Cred Flowing
Every contributor has their own pond, which represents their Cred score. Your Cred Score is the amount of Cred that is flowing *through* your pond - the amount entering is the same amount that is simultaneously leaving, flowing to other community members. Each of your contributions is interconnected with other community contributions across different platforms. Contributions are even connected through time - today's contributions connect to contributions from yesterday, last week, etc.

### ☔ Cred Minting

> If community members find one of your contributions valuable, they will **Mint**, or in other words, create, Cred, and flow it to you. This Cred  magically appears out of nowhere and flows in your direction. Cred minting is just like rain, new water falling from the sky into your pond. Keep reading to gain a deeper understanding of where Minted Cred comes from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total amount of water in the system is equal to the total amount of Cred. When an action is performed that the community determines is valuable, new Cred is created, or “minted”. This is like rain falling from the sky. This new water falls into a pond related to the action. It then flows out to surrounding ponds through creeks connected to it. Water from all ponds also evaporates into the air, providing a closed loop. 
As a community creates value, new ponds and creeks are created, with rain continually falling on ponds where Cred was minted, and evaporating from all ponds. Each new pond and creek alters the flow of water throughout the system, changing the amount of water in each pond (Cred score of each node). 

```

Suggested edit doesn't let me delete large sections (perhaps on purpose..), but basically suggesting the following suggestions as a rewrite of the whole section. I.e. also would remove Cred Flowing section, as I think it's now covered by other paragraphs.

Example:<br/>

> When someone Mints Cred by reacting to your Discord post with an emoji...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Discord chat plugin, for example, Cred is minted from emoji reactions. 
When someone mints Cred by reacting to your Discord post with an emoji, it:
Creates a new reaction node in the graph
Creates an edge from the person reacting (you), to the reaction node
Creates an edge pointing from the reaction node to the post receiving the reaction

```

- It creates a new reaction node in the graph
- It creates an edge from the person reacting (you), to the reaction node
- It creates an edge pointing from the reaction node to the post receiving the reaction
  

### 💡 Plug-ins

> The types of contributions and plugins tracked by the SourceCred algorithm are likely to increase. Currently, your contributions are tracked across the these active plugins in the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The types of contributions and plugins tracked by the SourceCred algorithm are likely to increase. Currently, contributions can be tracked across the these active plugins in the following ways:
```

Rewriting to assume general audience. Unless this page is directed specifically at contributing to SourceCred community, in which case ignore.

| 💬 [Discord] | 🧵 [Discourse] | 🦠 [Github]| 🥇 [Initiatives]
| -- | -- | -- | -- |
|Someone gives your post any emoji 👍 💯<img width="20" alt="SourceCred" src='https://sourcecred.io/img/favicon.png' />| Someone gives your post/reply a ❤️ | You open a pull request  | You accomplish a specific task approved by the community

 Each community can also change the weights of how much Cred is Minted from each action or reaction. For example, the SourceCred community uses the SourceCred emoji <img width="20" alt="SourceCred" src='https://sourcecred.io/img/favicon.png' /> to denote extra value, so it Mints more Cred than other emojis. Or, if a community values GitHub pull requests but uses Discourse for down time chats, they could make it so Discourse posts/replies Mint little Cred and GitHub activity Mints more. If you'd like to learn more about the plug-ins SourceCred currently supports, check out our [plug-ins link](). ADD PLUG-INS LINK WHEN IT EXISTS

> ### 🔥 Cred Evaporation

Reviewer: Suggest removing Cred Evaporation section, as now covered in suggested Cred Minting section.

  The types of contributions and plugins tracked by the SourceCred algorithm are likely to increase. Currently, your contributions are tracked across the these active plugins in the following ways:

| 💬 [Discord] | 🧵 [Discourse] | 🦠 [Github]| 🥇 [Initiatives]
| -- | -- | -- | -- |
|Someone gives your post any emoji 👍 💯<img width="20" alt="SourceCred" src='https://sourcecred.io/img/favicon.png' />| Someone gives your post/reply a ❤️ | You open a pull request  | You accomplish a specific task approved by the community

 Each community can also change the weights of how much Cred is Minted from each action or reaction. For example, the SourceCred community uses the SourceCred emoji <img width="20" alt="SourceCred" src='https://sourcecred.io/img/favicon.png' /> to denote extra value, so it Mints more Cred than other emojis. Or, if a community values GitHub pull requests but uses Discourse for down time chats, they could make it so Discourse posts/replies Mint little Cred and GitHub activity Mints more. 

### 🔥 Cred Evaporation

> Since Cred can be created from nothing by community members, there must be a balance so that Cred maintains its worth. Our system is called **Cred evaporation**, and is similar to how water evaporates from all water sources. For every node on the Contribution Graph, a fixed proportion of its Cred evaporates away, and that fixed proportion is called alpha. The Cred that evaporates replenishes the source from which Cred is Minted, replenishing steams and creating a closed water cycle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since Cred can be created from nothing by community members, there must be a balance so that Cred maintains its worth. Our system is called **Cred Evaporation**, and is similar to how water evaporates from all water sources. For every node on the Contribution Graph, a fixed proportion of its Cred evaporates away, and that fixed proportion is called alpha. The Cred that evaporates replenishes the source from which Cred is Minted, replenishing steams and creating a closed water cycle.
```
